README.md, before:

# DB Vending Machine

A Terraform plugin that creates a DB Vending Machine that creates copies of production DB instances into a development account.

## Configuration

Set the following Terraform variables to configure DB Vending Machine as a module or using `terraform.tfvars`:

- Set `backup_profile` to AWS credentials profile where snapshots will be taken from. Usually a production account.
- Set `backup_db_instance` to DB instance identifier in the `backup_profile` account where snapshots will be taken from. Usually a production instance.
- Set `restore_profile` to AWS credentials profile where DB instances will be restored into. Usually a development account.
- Set `restore_vpc_id` to the VPC in the `restore_profile` account where DB instances will be restored into.
- Set `restore_subnet_ids` to a list containing a minimum of two subnets from the `restore_vpc_id`.

## Build Terraform

This Terraform module has a Dockerfile that creates a container with Terraform and its dependencies. To build the container, run the following command:

```
./build_terraform
```

## Build Lambda

To generate a lambda.zip package for deployment, run the following command:

```
./build_lambda
```

## Deploy

Deploy service infrastructure:

```
./deploy
```

## Deploy test DB

To deploy a test DB instance for development/test purposes:

```
./deploy_test
```

If you want to connect to the database, make sure to open default security group inbound rules to accept connections.

## Restore

To restore a DB instance, run the following command:

```
./restore
```

## Test Lambdas

To test Lambda functions locally, run Lambci script passing the function name and the payload as follows:

```
./test_lambda create_snapshot '{"db_instance_identifier":"db-vending-test"}'
```

## Teardown

To teardown infrastructure, run:

```
./teardown
```

Commit message:

Create test user with rds_iam enabled

README.md, after:

# DB Vending Machine

A Terraform plugin that creates a DB Vending Machine that creates copies of production DB instances into a development account.

## Configuration

Set the following Terraform variables to configure DB Vending Machine as a module or using `terraform.tfvars`:

- Set `backup_profile` to AWS credentials profile where snapshots will be taken from. Usually a production account.
- Set `backup_db_instance` to DB instance identifier in the `backup_profile` account where snapshots will be taken from. Usually a production instance.
- Set `restore_profile` to AWS credentials profile where DB instances will be restored into. Usually a development account.
- Set `restore_vpc_id` to the VPC in the `restore_profile` account where DB instances will be restored into.
- Set `restore_subnet_ids` to a list containing a minimum of two subnets from the `restore_vpc_id`.

## Build Terraform

This Terraform module has a Dockerfile that creates a container with Terraform and its dependencies. To build the container, run the following command:

```
./build_terraform
```

## Build Lambda

To generate a lambda.zip package for deployment, run the following command:

```
./build_lambda
```

## Deploy

Deploy service infrastructure:

```
./deploy
```

## Deploy test DB

To deploy a test DB instance for development/test purposes:

```
./deploy_test
```

If you want to connect to the database, make sure to open default security group inbound rules to accept connections.

To create a user `test_iam` with IAM authentication enabled, run the following command:

```
./test_psql -f test_user.sql
```

## Restore

To restore a DB instance, run the following command:

```
./restore
```

## Test Lambdas

To test Lambda functions locally, run Lambci script passing the function name and the payload as follows:

```
./test_lambda create_snapshot '{"db_instance_identifier":"db-vending-test"}'
```

## Teardown

To teardown infrastructure, run:

```
./teardown
```
